vengeance is  the main thing that  i want  hey guys what's up decline here i've  been going to the gym a lot lately  in this month  may  i think out of 11 days  i've been 10 days  [Music]  i know that even the most optimistic  people are gonna say no  that's not going to happen for you  get your head out of the clouds  be realistic you're not going to be chad  you're not going to be a slayer  but hypothetically what would i actually  want if i got  i think  vengeance  vengeance is  the main thing that  i want  just  showing the world  showing everyone like  that i am living my best life  a big  to the world to the women who rejected  me and didn't want me  to the women who  showed some interest but treated me like  crap or flaked on me and nothing came of  it  to all the women out there who don't  they wouldn't find me desirable to the  guys doing well  chad's  normies who breezed through in life and  stuff just happened for them  to everyone  else who thinks i'm some doormat or  piece of trash to step on  i'll show them all what what  what what yeah i'll become desirable  i'll run through as many promiscuous  women as possible i'll rack up the body  count that's what i want i need those  numbers i need to rack up the numbers  ideally i'd like a triple digit body  count that doesn't come from paying me  for it and honestly anybody any chad who  doesn't have a triple digit body count  is a failure as a chat you know you're  not someone i look up to okay like  imagine  getting 200 k subs and  actually having a good body  that women i think yeah okay this  this guy's decent looking this guy has a  good body and  you use the reach he uses the numbers  to  have the kind of success that  would be completely impossible for  someone at my level in the real world  and it needs to be  more  epic more grand  more outlandish to compensate for  all that i missed out on i do want to be  promiscuous  long-term sustainability pragmatism  that's not my priority i really want to  feel desired and  valued i really want to feel like a girl  is  attracted to me  and wants me vengeance is  the main thing that  i want  i do not like the way the world works  and the way women work sorry but women  have agency and evolutionary psychology  isn't a valid excuse for someone's  actions or preferences sorry i'm an  idealist and i'm not going to accept  that i don't find any of this motivating  i don't think i want to go to the gym  six days a week  and eat all this disgusting protein and  completely changed my diet completely  changed my lifestyle and eventually get  on the sauce have the trend bologna  sandwich even just so i can wife up a 3  out of 10 or a single mother and pretend  she lives up to some ideal of purity  just because she doesn't have a tinder  account one owner or three reliable runs  great just don't look at the miles on  the odometer  and you're telling me it's better than  all the other rides out there still as  good as new  they're all the same in the end my heart  is broken and blackened enough that i do  not believe there are any good women in  this world the only thing that is real  is physical attraction and love  [Music]  it's interesting to hear this young man  say  that he believes there are no  good women  in the world  i think  what he really believes  is that there are no good people  and he has no  concept of what it would mean for him to  be a good man  for him to aspire  to be a good person  himself  there's a lot of marketing of  self-improvement  on the internet  and  there's a painful lack of reflection  about what it would really mean to  improve yourself i had a conversation  recently with a black guy a youtuber i  met  met here on the internet  um i'm mentioning that he's black  because he's a devotee of dr sebby and  if you look at any images of who was in  the audience at dr sebi's events this is  certainly an african-american phenomenon  and what i said to him as you can see on  screen  is that ultimately  there's no point in doing the right  thing  for the wrong reasons he's talking to me  about  self-improvement  but he's not actually interested  in being a better person  i don't know if i can say  that being a better person is hard i  think for a lot of people it's as easy  as  falling out of a tree house really  i think what's hard  is recognizing that you're a bad person  recognizing that you want to change  recognizing that you need to change it's  maybe that recognition that's so hard  rather than the process of becoming  or being  i understand this young man's  perspective  i understand  that he's convinced himself  that the only relations between women  and men are based on physical attraction  and carnal desire and the irony is  that he has no  experience with that  himself  you see the strange position he's put  himself in here  he doesn't have any experience  directly or with say friends of his he  doesn't have an experience  of what it's like to be someone who  already is  very physically  attractive and someone who's tired  of having members of the opposite sex  want to sleep with them  just for their body  someone who's seeking out a partner  precisely because they care about the  intellectual qualities  the ethical qualities  the emotional qualities  that distinguish them  or that let that other person  appreciate who who they are he's not  even thinking through  that scenario  is that uncommon is that so rare you've  never heard of it you can't imagine it  that some people  might care  about the intellect about ethics about  emotions and so on just because they're  attractive enough  that they can take it for granted that  other people already want them for their  body and that they ca they  have their choice between many different  people whose bodies are  attractive enough  for them i don't think  that competition  is an inherently immoral concept many  people on the left do  many people in the left wing define the  type of society they desire to have in  the future the utopia of science fiction  as being a society that is not  based on competition that eliminates the  competitive aspects of capitalism many  left-wing people want to reform  education to eliminate the competitive  aspects of writing tasks sports  other things we all experience in school  growing up  i think what really damages people  is the assumption  that there is only one way to compete  and that there's only one thing  to compete for my heart is broken and  blackened enough that i do not believe  there are any good women in this world  the only thing that is real is physical  attraction and lust i'll get a good  physique  and  hopefully use youtube and  various social media platforms use the  internet and  maybe if i have a good enough physique  for tinder maybe i can use that as well  like when i saw connor murphy  in that video and he was breaking down  and talking about how  he has three women a day he sleeps with  three women a day and  and he was breaking down crying  i think he was crying about  uh  disappointing his parents or something  but  but like i look up to conor murphy i  mean he's he's a pretty cool guy like  this young man has convinced himself  that there are no good women  and that thus there are no good women  looking for  good men  like that it's not possible  there would be women out there who would  be looking for him  in as much as he were  a good person  in as much as he were  an interesting person that there might  be women who at first  would be curious about him  but when they look past his appearance  to find out what kind of man he really  is that they're rejecting him  not because he's ugly not because he's  unattractive etc not because of the  things he's obsessed over not because  the defects he hopes he can fix  at the gym  but because those women really are good  people and that they're looking for good  men  by those standards that they may not be  able to articulate in these terms  but standards that are partly  intellectual  partly ethical  partly emotional that in fact  he's in the middle of a world  crowded  with good people  who are seeking out  the love  and admiration and respect and company  of other good people  and they spurn him  and reject him and even sometimes  denigrate him and insult him  because his whole concept  of self-improvement  is from their perspective  evil  every single thing he says  that he wants to accomplish  and his motivations his reasons why he  wants to accomplish these things  the very ideal  he has of the better man that he could  become  is from our perspective  a worse man among his motivations  one of the most blatantly evil is  revenge  and this is what we would call  displaced revenge or misplaced revenge  he's not getting revenge against any  particular woman  who wronged him who rejected him who  spurned him no  he wants revenge  against all women or in a sense  against  all mankind this is a dark  misanthropic  sense of revenge he's pursuing he also  says openly that what he wants is a kind  of  grandiosity in his life to be able to  gloat over others with how superior he  is in order to compensate for his own  feelings of inferiority it is not too  much to say that from our perspective  from the perspective of the vast  majority of people in this audience  what he's describing  is evil  and it's not a minor footnote to say  that it's  unbelievably repellent  to women  it's incredibly  unattractive to women  what kind of woman would watch the video  you've just seen my four-minute edited  clip from and think  this would be a good man  to be the father  to her children  or even this would be a good man to just  share an apartment with  do the dishes with every day wake up in  the morning with and discuss breakfast  and  household responsibility the fact that  his particular form of evil  is so repellent  and so odious to women  is a very clear clue  a very clear hint as to what he's doing  wrong and what he can't possibly solve  by simply going to the gym  10 days per week refer back again to  this fellow i spoke to about  veganism about the importance of if you  want to be on a vegan diet  doing the right thing just because it's  the right thing to do the fact that you  could lose weight look great  gain muscle mass get leaner on basically  any  fad diet veganism is not special  in this way what's special about  veganism  is the opportunity  to actually become  a better person  by taking on those responsibilities  taking on that profounder view of the  world and your place in it in this life  starting to feel  that ecology  is your problem  and you want to be part of the solution  starting to feel that  animal suffering  cows  that are born  in a steel cage  on a concrete floor  to suffer and die in captivity  that that's something you're not willing  to pay for  that's not something you're willing to  even ignore  just for your own convenience or i don't  know for the benefit of a  slightly tasty dessert and i can't shake  this sense  that actually becoming a better person  isn't all that difficult  the hard part is recognizing that you're  a bad person here are now  recognizing perhaps the badness of your  own motives  your own  desires as i've said again and again  whether it's in reference to quitting  alcohol  whether it's in reference to quitting  meat and adopting a vegan diet  the excuses  are so much harder to quit  than the thing itself  and the most fundamental excuse that  most of us live with  is just  the notion  that we're good people  and that whatever we want  can't possibly  be bad and evil and wrong whereas  those other people  or those other forces those other  institutions those other social systems  those other people  who obstruct us in getting what we want  who would refuse us  whatever it is we want  they  they must be the ones  who are bad and evil and wrong to the  women who rejected me and didn't want me  to the women who  showed some interest but treated me like  crap or flaked on me and nothing came of  it  to all the women out there who don't or  wouldn't find me desirable to all the  haters out there the guys as well sorrow  is real  misery  is real  but when you take that sorrow  and find in it  a justification  for revenge  think you're doing something  quite artificial  when you look  at your own heartbreak  in the context of one decade  i invite you  to imagine  the man or woman you will be  ten years from now looking back at this  moment at this heartbreak  you're suffering with that seems so  overwhelming  looking back  and laughing  at how trivial it seems  now how trivial it seems  from the perspective of just 10 years  down the road  and now i want you to look back in  history  not 10 years  not 100 years  and not a thousand  i want you to think of your own misery  your own sorrow  your own heartbreak  in the context of hundreds of thousands  of years  in which  we had no way to cope with  mortality during childbirth  in which women  at a rate of about 50 percent from what  i read would drop dead and die giving  birth to their first child  we had no scientific understanding of  why  we had no idea what we could do to help  them  when people would get mysterious  diseases like malaria and die whether  fast or slow  when so many parents  had to bury their own children  whether they were struck dead by  diseases  that we imagined were demons  or we saw them killed before our own  eyes  in acts of war  in the whole history of the world  going back not just a decade not just a  century but many thousands of years  when you contextualize yourself in that  way  looking forward ten years then looking  back  much much further into shall we say  evolutionary time  tell me this  who  has suffered  less  where the most privileged  the most pampered the most lazy  the most entitled generation  that ever has existed  on the surface of the earth  and you're sad  and you're mad at society  and you want revenge  because by pressing a few buttons  on your cell phone  you can't get  laid  maybe you need to have ambitions  ambitions to be a better person  ambitions to change the world in some  fundamental way for the better  ambitions  so great  that it would make the  tiny tragedy  of your frustration with dating apps  like tinder your frustration  with your sex life  seem like something  very small  by comparison  and maybe  in the pursuit of those ambitions  you'd actually become  a better man